thanks a thousand for helping the guy miss
churra face with hands hugging to see the
subject is Alba wanted to discuss it one day
in a live but she never prepared it for me
or anything but well basically fall back
youtuber that apparently many knew and
I honestly did
not know him, I did not know him
and the guy contacted me to ask me for
help okay honestly let's see I'm not going to
lie okay I'm going to be totally honest
like many people know the people who
follow me know that I know how to defend myself with the
throws that I always win and so on it
's not anything out of this world I mean it's
as simple as knowing the rules
of youtube what you can do what you can't
and you have to hold on okay
well people always when they see that a
youtube has problems I know that they don't
do it with bad intentions it doesn't bother me a
little it bothers us a little because it's not
like youtube support is done here
okay I've said it a ton of
times since many times they
put my inbox I receive and
more messages enter there in the emails of
my followers not for things about my channel
or because they want to ask us
good title smiling face with the  eyes
closed
thanks francisco or because they
want to ask me something or send a
message that I greet them to give me something so I can
make a video a live no but
when they start pressing the
email flag or lizará okay javi look I
wanted to ask you and a
youtuber comes along who has never spoken to me in my
[ __ ] life and doesn't have a [ __ ] clue about my
channel that I've been following you for seven years
look they've given me a
copyright strike because you use tech
and I got married and I say and what does he
sincerely want
there you have the youtube chat and the
support email it tells you it puts it in the
footer
before continuing with the video I have to
tell you something and that is that
surely many of those who are
watching this video are experts at
finding the best deals the
best discounts on the internet
surely even many of you
go to the stores on days without
VAT but how much do you know that they
return money from your own purchases
on this occasion I'm not here to sell us
anything I'm simply here to introduce you to
atleti atleti shop it's a
dandruff service that is to say a  platform where you
can find more than 3000 stores of
the most important there is online James
that component is El Corte Inglés - which
returns you part of the money you
spend on those purchases many of you
will wonder why they return money to me
on those purchases very simple because
they advertise that store with
which they are associated they take a commission for it and share it with their users it is very simple you only have to download the application that I leave you in the description of this video register on their website or install the extension in your browser and every time you
go to buy in one of these
stores do it through this
platform when they return you
depends on the moment you enter and the
moment you buy sometimes 1%
2% 5 percent and even
40 percent as is on some
occasions you spend 100 euros and they
return 40 and one last thing many
times also apart from dandruff they give you
discount codes exclusively
for their users you have no
excuse not to register or not to
download this application okay if you don't
do it is because you do not like saving
money down  in the description you have the
link to register or to download the
application or to install the extension
in your browser
lety shop
the question is like that, he doesn't know
that I have uploaded this and more jumps to the
copyright, no, that if you can tell
such a youtuber to remove my copyright and I
say is that many times not even with text or
sometimes with text with irony no and I
tell him
Carlos thank you very much you are wrong
email streaming is the support of course it
turns out that they come because
you after having seen my battle
with verde him and my battle with two
virtues my battle with you planes and
all that [ __ ] my battle with
telecinco with all the desire because I
know the normal ones that is why throwing is
worth but I'll see if my friend comes to me
if he sees well in his brother if frost comes to me
and comes to me then I put myself here
and if I am stuck here for an hour to
write to an appeal to show him
step by step what we are going to do the
strategy to get for those are my
colleagues but that people come that I do not
know, well no the truth because I am
super busy super league I lack some
energy look at the time I put myself today
does  direct okay and no and no sincerely
go to support there is support or
metal archangel gabriel okay metal
support is already and anyway the kid writes to me
and honestly I wasn't going to
answer I hate the truth because I didn't
know him at all but
[Music]
wrote to me I took a look at his
channel and honestly I felt
identified with when when they
threw my channels at me no either the
kid more or less has the same
numbers he
had
145 million monthly views of
hosts
I was with him for a while
and this time in the end I really have it I
swear the time in the end I don't have I was
with him for a while I wrote
the appeals that I had to do in
each strike the strategy to follow then you have
done first you have done send three
emails here and another three thousand here or rather
seeing the case I studied the case they say
today I was with him for a while an hour or whatever it is a
call okay I just said stay
calm because he won this
and it happened ok I am very happy for
him kid sincerely mahler very much
for him kid but don't go don't go don't
go thanks welcome saint  don't
go to when when you see that a
youtube throws a video tura has
given me a strike nasa take it off me well
yes of course kitty I'll take it off
because he's been my friend for four years
[ __ ]
but what really gets me is
when channels come that I don't
know at all knows and I'm not going to the
beta to the support of the rules
for this kid or help because I said
and they are going to close beds and they have been
returned to him but one of two or no context or he
charged him sincerely because if he has
put in two or three hours and then if they
reject them another afternoon writing you
another appeal or the second attempt or
plan b or whatever because he charged okay he's going to go
up for a moment Jordi Machiavelli a
moment
or the night good evening sir what's
going on
well here we are is that he puts
the camera or is it not necessary if he wants to have
money he wants to throw anything in
private it's not worth it for the ok
well what a surprise
in today's live and in
Saturday's live I also mentioned it on my channel
that if you were willing to chat
cordially and such then  that we talked no
and well I've decided to open up to you on
twitter and talk about this topic no
well in addition to the topic that happened between
us if you want to chat also about the
topic related to guys he kicked me out at
that moment also we can take
several days to see how I told you for the
first man I can't reject the
invitation always in addition to drinking they wouldn't have
rejected it otherwise but
you know that you are a person with whom
I got along well and the truth is that I
really liked meeting up with the
tours and that pisses me off more than
meeting some back and coming from you
for example
no no yes understandable let's see I remember
that day when you sent me the screenshot
of the Dallas tweet and such I was already thinking like a
host he's trying to provoke
me and so obviously maybe I
shouldn't respond and such with the
strap it was ugly but well he responded
in a perhaps quite haughty and
arrogant way on twitter and well I
understand that you get heated it's us
both got heated on twitter and such and
well it's true that later when you released
the videos I got quite heated and well well
I would also profess you
insults I think also
direct stories of heat it is quite seen
quite a few insults but well I
mean we both went too far so I can
understand it when I sent you the
tweet that all starts with the thing about
win mich one that you put a
click because he is that they mention a
video or something like that
and then you said that you had deleted it
out of empathy
I was not thinking of exposing that a third
person is bad intention because
sincerely the jealousy of the successes
were then you know that he was throwing it he
has no malice and it was not with bad
intention of putting [ __ ] or anything and I was not
going with the malice of saying for a hundred
because they told me this in private
because in the first place that person had said I
mean I was not going to sell it but
but my intention was not in a way to
attack you in an artistic way like a
hypocrite but in a way hey you realize let's
see I'll explain to you it's
true that wish michu sent me a
private message telling me this that
the way had well he said that it was
hurting him many comments that he was
fine and I don't know if you know how many what the
impact of the tweet
well it was already close to
2000 fap if there were like I don't know 200 300
quoted people saying absolute
nonsense based on my tweets like
my tweet simply the morning the
guy what nonsense well I remember a
chick saying like he should commit
suicide plan what did he do what they did on the
internet although his society
most of the comments were
comparing him to clumsy well anyway
comments well pretty ugly and I well like
when I woke up and saw all
those tweets I remember that I sent a
well he put a tweet saying how are you guys
going through with huixmí chihuahua without
a plan of [ __ ] how people go through and
I remember that if you and he put it an hour
before bush me eat blankets the
message in fact can be
perfectly verified by the hours because wish
michu started following me at 2 in the
afternoon or so at 2:30 he sent me the
well right after following me and he
responded at 2:30 and that was when I
deleted the tweet I already  I was thinking about
deleting it because it seemed to me that people were going too far,
no,
so I was already thinking about
it, guys michu contacted me saying hey
man I don't know what this tweet was and obviously
with that addition I deleted it, the
original spirit of deleting the tweet was
completely out of pure empathy because I
felt, well, [ __ ], that those comments were made to me, that's what
happens to me, well, it would
hurt me too, of course if I understand it, I
mean if I saw it to see if they
were really that way like you say the
comments, I would have done it too, I
mean that's what I'm telling you like I
understand, I mean if you realize now
with us right now with this whole thing about
what happened with the trial of such and such, I
'm not insulting him, I mean me insulting my face
or neglecting Ocaña with
delicate things, on Saturday
accusations and delicate issues are being made, I tried to
dodge it because I already have enough problems,
I have a new part and besides, men, these
are very delicate things and they're not
my responsibility, you know that there I tried,
far from how I was before, not to say that I
was more forceful with people and such, I
tried to criticize the mockery in  plan but
man there was he's a guy with 10 million
subscribers and he doesn't have
super thin skin either, so yes, learning
that part that you were saying, that well there are
also a lot of people who make
comments to him and he should be used to it
and such, I understand that but for my
part I understood that his comments weren't flying at all
and well, moving on, not
going off topic and deleting it and nothing more
and then in the afternoon was when
you saw my tweet that tweeted an hour
before all this and you responded to me
like IU because you deleted it and such and that's
when I responded out of empathy, well,
I really don't respond in an
arrogant way or anything or in a serious way
towards you but I said out of empathy
because it's simply, I did it for that reason, so him
asking me wasn't
good either, it was one more reason to delete it
but honestly it wasn't the great
reason to delete it, he did come to me to
delete a comment on a tweet
in which I consider that he is not
offending, I read that I don't know what, so I don't
delete it you know because, well of course I
'm not [ __ ] around, it was a crappy clip,
I read some videos  I'm not a big fan of being a
European
on YouTube, but ...
which is something that I'm going to
clarify because well I'm also
seeing people in your chat saying and
telling them I didn't have empathy and such. Well,
unfortunately I was one of the
people who participated in, well, in
all the public escrache that there was towards
Dallas in 2018 and 2017 with the issue of
wish, it shocked me with the issue of the trial.
Well, unfortunately, because it was something
repugnant and repulsive, participating
in an escarilla towards a person who
was innocent, skipping the presumption of
innocence of Dallas, so I
always try to be consistent with that. I
also tell you the subject of the
psychologist's thread is there, but eliminate special
none of that
if not, no, no, but that thread, that thread,
when I understood that it was an
analysis of the content and the reaction
that it had with its audience and at
no time, and I say this
completely, well, in all
sincerity, if you could send me a
fragment of the thread in which the
psychologist directly accuses him of
pedophilia,
pedophilia, non-linear, I will not
say it is  so good for me directly, I
mean me and his videos, I think I did a
live stream where we were reading it step by
step
and then I did another one on the main channel
too
where I took out everything there was and
shared the thread as well and so on and it was
an accusation being careful with the
words but I don't know to what extent that
could be considered
if it is that I, honestly,
like me, what is the intention of
followed
well, at the moment in which I read it,
he and I was reading it, I said [ __ ] it is
accurate in some points and the
retweets then what came out from
there of many people taking the interpretation
that it was pedophilia, what he meant by that he
had such an attitude with his audience, well
obviously I do not agree
with that, I do not agree with
calling Dallas a pedophile or
saying that it is pederasty or that he has
a relationship, well that for the purposes of
grooming, if he at the moment at
the moment he is calling blooming,
that a part of the so-called grooming for
social that does not exist is not like, for
example, he acquitted me due to lack of
evidence  or it doesn't exist either
but blooming for it to be grooming it
has to be the crime, the crime this and
such. Let's see, I understood grooming to be
social as an invention, a term
to refer to this and at no
time to call it grooming, not like I mean
like grooming, like
how grooming is known or
this crime, well, that it is communicating with minors
with sexual intentions. At no
time did I understand it as something like that, I
really didn't understand it as something like that and I
apologize if it was understood that
I supported a escrache for pederasty or
pedophilia because at no time did I
understand it that way and if really in that
tweet there are insinuations of it, then I
retract it. I simply comment
as I
lived it at that moment and as I
read the tweet at the time it was with
malice, really there is no malice a
thousand times that it seems to me I'm not
going to see you and I don't care, it's like you with
whom I go out, I imagine that you have
pressure or soon with which you
exist, I mean, I was just talking
to that kid now I
know how I know that he's not a bad person  and it's not
said his dog or his pet or anything
that seems to me a very
simple argument not like if I'm crazy I
give it back to you that I didn't tell you
because I think that you are a pet of
bugs and it wasn't like giving you back the not the
plan then a quasi or dog because you have
decided to remove I don't know if I explain myself
yes yes yes of course of course I
understand perfectly I am a man to me sincerely
not because it is
to him but because it sincerely makes me sad
that a person who I think has already been through
enough
that now with nights in 2021 and a
psychologist comes out and now the psychologist giving him
a psychologist who appears out of nowhere with
500 followers accusing him of grooming
okay he is already accusing him and now the
retweets that come out Jordi Macabeu Antonia David
Bravo Rosa Kit and bye I have gone
yes I would not like to be
related to things with a certain group of
aids if I see you that I am not even
his defender as many of you think nor if I am
going to tell you on twitter that he is an
[ __ ]
because my  channel is salsa or not
because I want to defend him but
accusations from those weeks are very
painful I have always said I have always
said that Dallas is not a saint of my devotion
simply because I consider that he
has some ways of expressing himself on
certain topics very very wrong and very
incorrect superama it was a lie it was a
lie that making me Mariana
36 and powerful I remembered Turre
twitter right now because you
caught me by surprise it is that Marco just
starting the inside
but it is that I also remember that within
the tweet there were points that
were directly lies things were put that were
supposed to say and he did not say them it
works like we prove my point was that is
the plan that is worth it I understand that you do not like him you
have inclinations and such
but now now that we are talking about
strong things
because you have empathy with some and with
others I think that you would tell me you
would have told me the same with the
confidence of having with me if they
had seen me accuse of something similar to
that salt or to measure clear clear clear clear let's
see if he recovers I understood
but no one
if I say again that well the
grooming I already told you I didn't understand it like that and
if it really was like that well it was used
for what it was used for unfortunately so well yes yes it
is for that and such well I
apologize obviously to Dallas and
well for that issue simply well and
politics 2010 and 2007 I think that it is already
buried
well the issue of wish a lot now that they have
released this video and all the salsero
that is watching these days well they
are precisely analyzing my channel
and despite that in the part that spoke
about the sentence of the naked torso yes yes yes
no it is simply saying that I
found it curious like this issue of
the sentence and that it was poorly
written and all that didn't sound very
strange to me simply and it is mentioned
live but it is good I saw the
wish video michu and I gave it well I think it was
a very solid video but well then I saw
the video the video the three videos of
Dallas and those I don't think that those were
strong enough not
as a response but I think that the new
video that he released this
hour long video responding to guys michu well I
think it is quite  solid I think it's
a response
with very [ __ ] up accusations as well and
well I'm not giving weight to
any of the strong accusations
of course having altered I speak I speak I
say that it is a solid video
because it is a
very well structured video of course that is
well scripted well made well
edited well put together I mean this one
gets to the point I mean a lot of people because of
the communication that happens well in
that video well can believe what is being
said or well they take his side because of
the time like how well the video is made
clear clear or so the issue goes there I'm not
saying that it's
solid because he's right I say again that I don't know who is right and Dallas's last video has also been very solid and I think that now popular opinion is going for Bordalás because well his last video responds to several things that I in fact on Twitter from the
environment today for example I have continued to
see provocations but it seems to me that
they are more like hooks and a hook so
that they continue responding to him and I think that it's
not worth it because
this is not 2017 or rather it has been they are not
supporting him those who are going to support him no matter
what happens we are like because I
tell you the kid hello antonio
david bravo and two or three then I already
see that the subject to see dallas to continue
because obviously his image is a
personal problem you know but not clear for
example what to me
what calls my attention not of
thor subject is having trials I understood
for example because wing michu won
trial yes of course because of what he was
accused he is innocent that it is slander
because slander are accusations
false accusations about a crime with
knowledge of the truth with
knowledge that you are good that you
are falsely accusing then as
wish michu it seems according to what
the judge appreciates he was not falsely accusing
without knowledge of the reality
relying on the expert issue
well the complaints and all this well that is why he has
been acquitted for this issue that
gives rise to confusion and it gives me the
impression well it gives me the impression not
directly well said in his videos he
says I won because they have given me the
reason to everything I wanted in my video of
course really not really  and now
the sentence says it's clear that he really
won because of the issue that well, it could be
or in fact in several parts of the
sentence it's not that it says that he has
accused and that he has accused falsely but
without knowledge of the rule although it was not
clarified exactly exactly because of the
issue that the expert reports are based on
the issue that they are based on so clearly because it is
based on clues that is important that is
what your bible has it
all understood about the torso I still don't
understand it I have seen the video the video
of Dallas I say again that I do not believe that
Dallas is a pedophile nor has he had
problems of that type I do not think he has
had it but I still find it
strange the issue of why Dallas in his
video put the video of the
[Music]
well when he is defending himself in
court and says that he never sent
a photo to the girl and that is why it
seems strange to me that poor writing is
the opposite of what he says it is clear to me it
seemed strange yes although it seems that the
opposite that is why I was surprised that he
looks at it on one hand that is why he puts it
is a proven fact no  I have done tested it
is he sent it he sent him a photo no
actually if you see the wii he found out that
I have seen it worth the whole wish or so it is
that it was won from the first 20
minutes or so it was totally meaningless
if I had the trial well you see that in
fact in the same sentence it says that they
never release that because when the
lawyer released it he doesn't look at proven facts he
sent him a photo he sent him a photo
holding on to that like a burning nail
that the bones you will have seen that in the
video of dallas the fingerprints tells them to
shut up a couple of times I cut it off to
say if we are going to see what the
sentence says but that we do not release it because it
can give or that it does not release second
readings because it may be that the websites
alleviated the intentions directly or
bad intention or I mean I can take
my nephew and ask him for a photo avn churra
chasing him from buying that
calling me to see what this is of what I
tell you or I mean yes yes yes
then of course it may be that it is a photo
for today we send a photo to see  what
so they let you in
send me a photo of who you are so they let
you in goals of anything I
don't project a way no there is no
photo neither of sending nor received and it is that
the same sentence
folio 7 in case you want to check it
later when you go it is also put that
the one who is minor did not deliver any
conversation that the police asked her
many times and she did not deliver anything
and how then as a speaker who sends
a photo how was that proven of course is that that am
I really that at no
time when I was watching it
live because many people understood it
like that I was letting it fall that Dallas
lied no but how can it be how
can it be that in the sentence weeks
yes yes already day on top of a person
who doesn't like you and you give a
sentence no matter how much you want to explain
and you tell them that they are wrong it doesn't
sound strange exemplary clear clear and I I
fit that I felt a lot that I do not the
clear is that also now we
see it very easy from outside in support I say already it is that
if it puts me in that roll
what happened but that what happened however it is
corrects me that but
they led to a sentence
acquittal why are you going to start
messing around had to appeal
acquittal and he has the entire recorded video of the trial it
was settled
I had the entire trial and it is
clearly understood why they put it because
when I asked him because of course he doesn't know
what he's going to come up with the girls are there
and they're going to take a picture of me and he says the
only thing I can think of is that they could have
this photo that I publish it by accident on
Twitter or that I publish it and half by
accident on Twitter or be like that and from there why I
was writing he wrote I
sent him this photo I have no [ __ ] idea
why but then that's what I'm telling you
hi well I'm not making it up or rather it
's in the sentence you can check it
that on page 7 it says
the minor was asked if she had the conversations she
said she didn't have them in the first place
or something like that no and then it says but then she
said that if she had them the
police asked for them I don't know how many times and she never
handed them over and she never hands over conversations
so it's like the sentences don't make any [ __ ] sense you
know I mean it's
poorly written by the flaps first it's
one thing then the other it doesn't have  It made no
sense what he was saying in the
live stream and that's why I didn't understand it and that's why I
mean that's why I understand that
many that there are still people who cling
to that burning nail but
the one who does not want to understand what
the complete sentence has to do with will be
accentuated understood and seeing and
living it and seeing the video because
of course the lawyer wing said has uploaded the
video the part that he puts on in the
final argument to say what he is
taking well host he said this but it is
not that is what the
labor lawyer wants to say you
will agree with me that it is a
great presentation no if the guy does it
very well I
said that I took a video in my
live what I said he has done a good
job let's see it may not seem like whatever
but what is that his job was to
absorb water and michu
has achieved it of course his job
has made him know that apart from having
good talk but that does not mean that he
speaks well and that he says everything
run that you upload as long as it does not
mean that everything I am saying there has been
accepted as valid because you have
seen how it must be mentioned by
example of glass that impresses
then upload the extract where
they are saying that Cristina
lied about her age when you all already
know that, everyone who
lived through that time, we know that no, although it's a
lie that in attention to not lying, the
only thing that can be taken in that
sense is I was wrong putting the
capture in the video, the capture is already clear
with all the captures,
all the captures from the blog of the
2017 video you can see like this, the purple strokes of
the letter of arachnophobia and of her but you
see that you have whatever you have the
right to say what you want to know,
of course, and your lawyer can also
say what he wants but I don't upload it, hitting you
in the chest with the plan that we have
won because they have given us the reason and it's
like Perotti or if you are publishing a
video where you are saying that the
critic lied and then it is to give it away, I don't know if you have
seen, has published Antonia
also saying yes, yes, she said it like that, yes
in it in the Dallas video and that's what she
says, Maria and the mother do not appear,
someone also saying it  he appeared in
the video saying what you believe and difficult in
theory it is in the two rooms 2 cities
and it is as I say so there is no
one who can say
host but they sent me a tweet in
which a link was put a shared the video
of the obesity vibe it is the second time
that in a trial the
photos of getting off the hook because they
were not den because it did not include the word
naked
the websites in the trial when
wish michu shanghai's lawyer
puts two cuts on him that
first then in the
wind beach and dallas sentence it does not say he will be
out in 2018 acquitted due to lack of
evidence that is available does not exist that I do not know
who invented that then if it was I do not
know I do not know who was the first to come up with
that term but it sounded familiar to me but I
have no [ __ ] idea you see that acquitted
due to lack of evidence of course because it is going to
be strong the
absolute bacon for bribes
and without nuances and apart from that you have it is
meaningless because he says it is not that the
fact proven that he sent photos to
a minor
if that were true they put you in jail
azzurra that's why it's
clear that's why
that part of the sentence is so curious and that
's why so many people are very confused but well and I also tell you that in
the Dallas video it was not clear to me
but seeing this fragment that I think I don't
know who shared it yesterday
someone shared it with me the same this fragment
in which it says that he did not present
any conversation to the police and all
this there is that dived on twitter now well
this was not passed to me by md the
image and of course if you see that in the
sentences and you read it it becomes clear to you not that you do not
have what there is I do not that
before it was when we were watching your
live that we were here the other night
at 34 in the morning and still finished
live a while ago and they passed it to me
live and look what it is saying not even
orders that we were waiting for right do
you have the video of his game for
four in the morning and we decided to open
the sentence and I found it because it
came to my head suddenly I say that if
for me someone told me that this is
understood they delivered nothing
clear of course is that if you read the sentence you realize
but of course how
that fragment of the sentence is always shared,
I also of course they share
that with me, man, and I read that and I say, wow, it's that
you put all this, it can't be bad
writing, but of course if before what they
contrast it and tell you, well, they don't make
any sense that it's not there,
I'm not saying anything else,
those accusations on the chest would be missing
[Music]
already about Beijing, that
wow, the hard issue, yes, also that the
call on Begin's part, having put him,
no, no, no, yes, I also think the
same, I mean, no, I don't think that
Begin should be victimized, I mean, I think that
a lot of [ __ ] had fallen for this and it doesn't have to
be like that, but there's no need to
victimize her either because, well
[Music]
for the gallery, it was good with
both of them, that's not the problem, of course, it
's also true, yes, it's also true
that if it were me, if it were her,
the other SME explanation applications would come to me, I mean,
I apologize for
the same Latinos mentioned, I
can't say if Begin still in the video
that he made tell her and he would have, but
look at your guy, with the bid and making a
video with  dallas was going to ask him for
explanations well to me
honestly what surprises me the most is not that he's
going to ask
him for explanations guys a lot but that he's going to ask him for explanations without gray because well what happened with ingrid we were already watching the live and we are freaking out with the amount of [ __ ] that always comes out of english every time dallas brings up the subject because we are already in the
dallas video there are even more moves than those that
came out of the filipas video
and it is really freaking out what the judge did
this is published on twitter it is true that
the piece of video is that was missing
there we are left they are cold
wow it is that the murky thing is posted
tura I think this cannot be
fixed I say
ok finishing up with the beijing thing it is these
gods that I was the one who mediated between
dallai you know
she didn't know that you were going to a video if she
hadn't apologized it arose
in an organic way like I had
been talking to her for a while and two or three
times the subject came up and she
had told me that she knew about things that
were not how I already thought no  I know that
one day I told her [ __ ] to see if
you guys talk, I don't know what, I don't know how much and when it
was naked, the whole controversy, I did
know the truth, I would have made a video
but I wasn't just selling her out like that because if
not it's like threatening her obviously, of course, of
course, it's like coercion, of course,
vehemently lying or not and then
the middle between the two of us telling each
one what I saw fit and in fact I have
the conversations you know I don't
think it's necessary either that I even take her
out of the garden arteba because in the
end it's already been shown who's telling the
truth, who doesn't know and I don't need to
either, it's creating rush, she also has to be
bringing people in who don't have to be
involved in the crisis but
some bad, bad things there are, I have the
conversation with her and it's that she didn't do it
because she felt threatened, she did it
because her father felt like it, you know, because she feels like it, I
only have one question
for you is if you think that wish michu has
really changed,
man, let's see, I mean, if you compare him to
me, I think he's matured and changed a lot
regarding that 2013, no, I don't think that
even from  2016 2017 I think a while
too man but I think it's been
seen let's see you have a life you have
your streak from time to time like that yes you
have your branches also you know about all
already man go base that has changed and then I
see you on twitter how strong here you are you
searched then you delete it let's see how once I
saw it recently a few months ago he
got into it with a followed with the physique of
how tivo because it prints that not because he gets involved
for it at a given moment I
can make a hole in him with the face he
has is that then you go giving classes to
others and pointing at others
what I see is very very very
closed with the issue of Dallas you know
I sincerely tell you seriously I
think that maybe in the thing with Cristian to
Bernal it could be and maybe in other things he
may also think that it is not true
but I truly believe that what he says he
thinks in some moves I mean I
think that there are really some
things that he believes
are true that are true I mean I don't
believe that there are things in which he falsely accuses
dallas men and we have things for
example like cars cut video you
when you cut videos or when you lie
with the criticism
well about cutting live and all that well
continue the piece that was cut that
you and I know that if they are slandered no
that I think that your internet is clear
with the intention that has been done and
whatever but well if in the end this not
judged is what is seen here a crossing of
youtubers saying things to each other
then yes because this is the penal realize
here in the penal so that the
convicted while the mushroom chapel a
moment was then able to put in
the penal maybe the scope so serious
as to impose a sentence but here
then the best the civil the civil as
a kind of administrative fines
some compensation of his honor they
disarm the civil and if it corresponds by not
saying I vote more five thousand euros 10,000
euros
but what
I see that they should reach a point
because it is that I also believe that but
as things are now that yes
the issue of the statute and the minors that if I
am going to denounce you for accusing me  it
seems that everything is far from over or
rather it is that he is making accusations against me again
saying that everything he said in the
video is true
and that
I believe that in the end they are going to hurt each
other because what I always say
when there is a move on YouTube is that
each one shows what they have to show
and I believe that at this point
each one has had to show what they have had to
show and people
already know the truth even people who
mess with one of the two mess with one of the
two because they hate him although they
believe in the other I don't know if I'm explaining myself the
crisis has been clarified there are people who really see
things as they are but since they
hate them they pretend they don't see them but
one hundred percent of the people are
never enough with one no no no that's
it come on that is clear it
is at the level that it is in it is no longer worth it those who
are supporting well michu are going to
continue putting me up in front of him that I was not
putting to get up putting him well I
think that they should already solve it in
public does not do it because I think that in
public the truth would let them win michu  in
a debate
things would be complicated but I
think not in public not only for that reason
I think in public it's because I don't think I could
stand to endure a debate in
public with Dallas and with the pressure that that is
because it also puts you under a lot of
pressure
or rather even though
now I see him very calm I see him very
calm now and Dallas I see him as very
destructive then I see but I think he does
n't do it because he knows he'll dismantle it
but let's go like a lego it's not like that I was
going to deconstruct it in a debate
but first I don't see it very difficult
but if I were them seen outside
I wanted to and I would talk about it first in
private I would yell at each other four times in
private on a call and we would spend a
few hours talking until we
reach a good point like this
reconciliation if it's not me I know that I am here
to solve it
well look I want you to withdraw from me
and clarify that this I am this is not
true and I want you know that each
one arrives and that because in the end
neither of the two have the need
for this is that each one with their content
triumphs
a shine I was  watching me live and
the video of your last chance and no no no no it's not
only that it's threatening
but it's sad to see now or rather because of because of
the issue that you see a
much more
calm Dallas much more such I don't know if it's because
now he's in this world so
unchained and so so such because of all
the harassment he received and such but what
is that the video of your last chance
is a calmer video
yes yes of course that's why I understand in
certain part his attitude with many things
and we were watching this video and well
that video I think it was a video that
could have changed many things if not and it wasn't
like that back then man I thought it
was because of the people he had around him
because the factor can't continue
maybe it continues to be like this now
well also it's that now you can be
clear I mean if what I know is really what is being
said out there is true then he
would look out for me and do something to fix
this
well people to the people who say that
huixmí chumbe would block me for saying this
wyss michu is much more accommodating than
what  many of you will think path for
example so don't worry that not
everyone has their own vision of things I
say again that in this subject I believe
that the one who is currently leading the reins is
Dallas with this subject he dedicates
a very devastating response and it is true
that the video of the myth was also solid
but the video of Dallas is also very
solid and it is a very good response and
despite that I believe that it is a lot and
really in many moves guy is accuses by
now by pure conviction that it has to
be true that Dallas is a monster
like it has to be true the things
of Dallas because if not what has been
doing all these all these years
you know it's like fighting for nothing concern
before it also for him to the point that
now he takes a step back it's like
really recognizing a lot of things of
course of course it is that also that is hard it is
difficult it is difficult it is very difficult
because admitting that you have been lying
all these years man is good I think
that it can be fixed I I I if I were
him I
would speak first privately because there are
many things that are not public and  the
best thing if they talk he finds out things
that maybe he says [ __ ] let's
fix it and I that in the end
harmful and damaging for both of them
33 years and since since they have been
enemies
is that in reality it is that there what
I saw because in it let's
see I got to youtube like in 2016
like this but from 2013 to 2017 which was this
video we are going to loud noise
galán that the CIA
when I are the only ones the only
history of provocation and look
that I have followed I used to follow a lot
the salt now I am a little
disconnected from the subject but before I
followed a lot and the only thing I
remember like that was the subject of the gifts
that he saw since he took out against one nor
wish michu perez who left a
long time ago 2015 and the subject of the
bottle I don't remember or rather attacks
from dallas directly to wish [ __ ] let's
see it wasn't that continuous but yes it
was several videos they are long it happens a
lot this happens a lot with something that is
usually done also which is the subject of
searching for this this on twitter or  this is this
twitter account how many things has he said
about dallas no and we see a lot of tweets
and such but we also have to think that
a lot of those people have been putting
twist against dallas since 2014 since
2013 it could be and [ __ ] maybe it
seems like it's constant but they have been
tweets
over five or six years that
many times it seems crazy but of course of course that's also what that also has to be
valued as well and it's
also true that dallas has been the
punching bag for a lot of people I also
tell you I think that the hate from a lot of
people not only because of the issue of
the accusations are very serious
but we don't talk about that I think that the
hate from a lot of people has been earned
like I also earn a lot of hate on my
channel for example with these issues of the
videos with gates of the videos
contradicting a fan I understood
on youtube to a certain limit for me
strong I don't know if you saw what happened to me
two months ago
like that but that video I saw it
even when well when I was with
someone angry with you for the videos
even when I saw that  flip eo video
stopped in the void and
accusations like the ministerial ones and
that no but families that come to me
four [ __ ] put team lines on me
as soon as that has me that happened
I know that in the end these people your stuck
as if I have thin skin shots do not
call you anymore if you see the same sentence
puts both youtubers are from both of
great relevance of great exposure and they
have to understand how they have a
more
allowed margin not to criticize us loves puts
both have monetized and have earned money
showing their lives on youtube
[Music]
but if the accusation is clear that is very
very different from dallas or canceled
dallas for this video in which he says a
[ __ ] or the video he made about
communism that was also an
absolute sub normality like
it is good it is a video full of reductionism yes d yes of course before the cancellation and all this but you have to say it for nonsense Thailand time you say a minute but super worried about the bottle and it is like university the bottle in reality
people do not take it either or it is not like
The worst thing is like for example if they accuse me
of if you like to steal there are many people
who even applaud you it depends on here
without moving
but of minor things and thing deactivated that that is that it
is even frowned upon
even in jail
jump imagine what school the complaint
is that they filed and double company
was thrown to him would have happened to him it would have
ruined his life of course of course of course
completely and by the
way the issue of the bottle
that I have a doubt that I have when
Dallas shows the thing about the 3 bottles
is it the complaint or is it the sentence is not
the sentence the paper they show is
one of the papers of their process
the accusation no no no no that is
when they have a trial
within their process there have been several
crossings of documentation paperwork
imagine
and you answer me my lawyer answers
me I appeal the bone a paper that the one who
has access
to that information or I mean when you are
in a trial with someone apparently
knows if they have a record or not know
or whatever no but of course the sentence
is not because nobody has the sentence it
is not a public sentence
then that  we would have to see those are the
deadlines only wish michu will have flavor careful careful
and also careful and
also with the 3 bottle hits
because it may be a lie and there weren't 3
the sentence clear clear just oh oh
notice what he has exposed that he has had
access to tell what he was sentenced
but already the details not clear clear that you
have the water and he recognized me well then
michu recognized that he had hit him with a
bottle in the area but he sold it in his own
way, his version whether it was in
self-defense you know but then the other people who
came out to tell things said other
totally different things that it was
three bottles or that he spit and it would be
curious I would love more than
anything out of morbid curiosity to know what it is why she
won be that she of them said that they
had recorded and michu well I'm
[ __ ] of course if they have it recorded she has him
by the balls they
said that they had recorded I don't know if in
audio to wish michu and that there was a camera in
it so that's where you say
well what it was in the end you know
and write I've seen so many lies
that I no longer know what they believe weighs from the
start  I find it hard to believe things about him,
of course, of course, of course, I don't know if it's normal, it is,
and obviously I'm not going to question you on that, of course it's
not clear, and there are
more and more people than me,
what I'm telling you is already closed on
one thing that none of Boyá tells us,
by the way, let this just be a note, it's that I
see people listening very reticently,
but looking at Vallejo, I'm not a fan
of Wish Michu, okay, I mean, in a
video, in a video from three years ago,
ranting and saying awful things about him,
well, I was referring more to Wish Michu
2013 and also to the [ __ ] he did at
the Sitges Festival, which I
maintain again is [ __ ] both what he
did at
the Sitges Festival and what he did later at the
Malaga Festival because his documentary is
very poor, well, it's
Carlo Padial's verification, so no, I'm not a
fan of Wish Michu at all, I
simply think that, well, he
's a guy who has been wrong about
many things, regarding Dallas, I still
believe that despite the fact that
some things  I think he doesn't admit what's
happening or whatever, I don't know if it's because he's
afraid of everything falling apart or because he's
simply convinced that he's
completely, I
don't know, conditioned, I don't know, but I
simply believe that I truly believe that he
has changed and evolved a lot and has
matured a lot, not only because I believe it
but because of many live shows in
which, well, I've been, many live shows of
his lately
and he seems a more settled guy,
simply that, I mean, nothing more, I'm not a
fan of Winston and a friend of Wish
Michu, we don't have any kind of
personal friendship, he mentioned me in a video and without
further ado, I mean, it's the only relationship we
have, nothing more, I see that he gives a lot of
importance to the title, I haven't changed, no,
this, he had a lot of fun with this in
2017 because it still has to
change, that it changes, if it's true, in fact, that it
seems that it changes, it changes and that's it, what
evidently I believe that nobody like
15 years ago, to say if I were the
same as when I was 15
years old, freak out and so on, everyone here in colors
that the internet didn't exist yet as we
know it, but it seems to put
a lot of emphasis on that, but I'm going to trust
but I think that maybe you are
more positioned by people in common,
not by Wing Chun himself, or I tell you,
I do not take sides, I do not take sides on
any side because I made the mistake of
taking sides against Dallas
in 2018 and it turned out that
what he was accused of was a lie,
I am not willing to make the same
mistake even though I see the
Dallas video now and it seems very solid to me and even though I
dislike Dallas, he is
right about this,
during, keep in mind that I when
people tell me no, it's like, let's see, I
[Music]
I am nothing, let's say that I do not
go around here as a vigilante and now to
save
and save part of Dallas with many people
like that, it is talked about but you do not want this, it is
a question, it ends, yes, yes, but I that I was
going to eat a complaint
because I also believed that Dallas
was all that thing and I told him a lot
of those things, I mean, at first,
YouTube was the one that gave him the most [ __ ], I
threw it at him since I am not patient  to you
today listen to me that you as with him you
believe this I mean what I'm talking about is that
okay it helps me that we didn't believe him in
2016 but now man I
mean now it doesn't make sense to me
that someone believes those things
about him I do
n't know if it's normal it's that well there have
been a lot of precedents not
on the issue of the minors or the issue
of abuse but the issue already also
related to the dog the whole fight
that there was when he went to pick him up at
Maria's parents' house also
talk because I can't talk about this subject
much because I am a witness to witnesses
in this case
[Music] I'm
going to ask you something and it is you don't
believe that I mean and this is going in a good way at
no time to catch or anything but do
n't you believe that in certain videos or in
certain moments you have leaned
too much in favor of dadas I mean
no not because of interests not because of interest but
because you like him a lot and you have a
good relationship with him and this interest it's
clear that not because you don't see me
so it's true that I had still come
here a couple of times but that we don't
collaborations like I'm
growing because I come out with the same thing
because I like him but not because I like him
as such when I
get into such it's because I see injustice
just like in its day I believed that
injustice was committed on the other side and
I believed that I was doing good standing up
for the other side you
understand me of course but for example what are you
referring to for example that I defend
unjustifiable things no for example in
the video in the Latin American video they
reveal that by the way I don't I haven't
seen the Dallas video of Tie Me Up
but I remember that I entered that video out of
curiosity because I have the life and that
the life extension and that also axis and
then it tells me the ratio of likes
dislike that there is in the videos
then one day I found a video of
yours from your channel that had a
dislike ratio it's spectacular I mean incredible
many and then of course more nonsense
than likes and genius with what happened here and I
entered and it was a video in which he
reacts you go to the video of the
also many people took you to the
conference it's [ __ ] reid  javi the truth
is that the point is that when people
don't want to go no no no no they don't want to
understand you it is not understood like what
the sentence the naked torso is not that they
cling to that there is that they put it the
people put it that girl comes out
with her statistics with her explanation and
everything and what I wanted to say and what
Dallas also wanted to say not to go beyond
whispering in another way but I
am saying the same thing for the people to
listen to me I tell you I did not see that
video I was simply very surprised by the
amount of ene
the thing is that what the girl was
saying
in general is good but
what the girl wants in the video was
like she was correcting adalah some
things but dallas was not what she had
wanted to say in her video the
girl was correcting dallas
because look if there is poverty in this country
because look at the statistics because look at
the crimes because look I don't know what it is
like but left is not that what she
is stating in her video is to give what she
wants it's like saying guys a message that I
totally agree with
because I have  I've I've
worked in a place where I didn't
like working where it's fed up with
and I didn't like
anything about that job okay and
I was always making things up in
my head to see how I could
get out there and aspire to more to be in
some place where the new money where I
live better where I have a better quality of
life knows and there are a lot of people who maybe
complain like [ __ ] I hope for
example people who work in factories and
warehouse workers and things and they
start to see the others or from Elche
what money they have look look at the car they
bought [ __ ] how good this one no the
schedule they have is not going to work for you no
Laureano it's common and what are
you doing to change your life he's already
waiting for me suddenly one day you're already in
a company because he finds your number
by chance and tells you leave that job
20 with me I'll give you a salary of three
thousand euros
you don't have to fight and I the lawsuit
well no I will have to watch that video to
try to understand it a little what it is that
people take it as we
are saying
in the  that there are no rich people because they don't want to
like the other day with mass,
I understand the people who take it the
wrong way but I really didn't
disagree with what he was trying to get across
but I think he expressed himself very
badly it's the way of expressing it clearly clear clear I
understand the message but he
expressed himself very badly and I think that if he doesn't say
another way the crazy king said that in
reality it's that message that has to be
transmitted to the people that he's going to
transmit to people in the form of a
blush touch
no neither but also not selling them
castles in the sky not be a little of
both when I had nothing advice me no
look if you do Hector I don't know you can
do exactly the same as me and that
I triumph and title clear you know like
YouTube
YouTube maybe there are people who haven't worked
hard and have triumphed you are interested in
the work a lot and get 500
subscribers to bore ray but you have to try
not you I mean you have to
give it change no
but I only say what I do what I
try to do with my life but it's
the way of misinterpreting it also
knows that he told him  to the clown girl
too and people today what a bigger offense
won't it be for you
then he tells the pedophile
nothing will happen let's see yeah but many times Dallas is
very over the top it also has to be said
that the way that I would have another
way and many times he listens to me
when I gave him advice
like I think like this he listens to me the same
as I also listen to him when he
gives me his opinion and I value it no and I
think that I and that's what he supports or
anything and it will happen to you too with other
people from the ones you take from that
look of very good people who are
living I was a guy who I have gone from
killing each other on the internet and I have said
all kinds of stupid things to a guy who
I value a lot every time he gives me
an opinion on something or be it about
something on YouTube or about any topic
that we are talking about knows that in the end
in a person who has at
specific moments when I felt that I
needed help was by my side with
issues that have nothing to do with
YouTube like no  he had the obligation
to do it, that's it and he's not the monster
that people have wanted to paint me I
have it too no no yes we all
have our faults it's true that
Dallas sometimes sins of being insufferable in
many things but in time
completely he is a very good person
I can't value him because I don't
know him so I tell you and I tell you
that if people really knew how
good a person he is man the intern
is also a kid who maybe doesn't
have the character that he should have
because you're really up to two [ __ ]
balls man it's like for example look
wing mixu he has one thing and I don't
know him a niche I've spoken
to him four times okay but I do notice
one thing about him and that is that it takes him a long
time to trust people he is always
very careful with who he talks to
although not because he distrusts because
because someone will have
approached him
and there will be a mess for what approaches in the
end you act and you have a carache
that adapts to the experience that you
have in life 21 said a kid that
the previous one the punching bag for 5
years  well normal that he threw now at the
slightest that puts the finger on his shoulder
of death
no no no yes completely agreed well
I'm not going to beg you for more time because
well you'll have to do your moves live
everything is just starting and today we're going to is an
incredible day from the salsa singer of those who are not
forgotten but also the truth is I
really liked the message most sent by
by md and by why delay the hand and
nothing I will put this conversation fixed
in the videos of the series that in fact has been
very successful if it had
still been successful but the reproduction of
dismantling Jordi's machine of lesser
value I will put it I will put it fixed so that
people know that we have chatted
typography carried out for the truth that
and you who more or less follow me and so on
know that it is worth valuing because many
people do not do it if you come to say we are
going to talk and talk clearly how are we not
going to talk
no no no let's see it's that right now I am
now in my stage of redemption and well
not only have I apologized to you it is that I
also live and on many occasions I
had the same as equally well no we  We
both warm up We both warm up
and without further ado You know, I mean it's already
forgotten You know that I get along I don't
know you It's been a long time We are
night and day In terms of our way of
thinking there's no problem We've always
respected each other It happens that's good But no yes
Always the respect Because I have the sex
that you You you have a lot You won I
also have a lot of character and we've
thrown a little bit of stick But in the
end the good talking is what remains
Cordiality I always say is essential
Well I appreciate it It's
okay man I appreciate that I got
up here and have chatted Having
spoken with you and having gotten along well Which
is what remains
Come on very well Where do I shake hands See you
later It's already very
necessary The thing is that your
screen and make things very simple
Since it happens that I was given the chat We have already
insulted each other We have said everything
and that's it And so to know the thing
Five minutes a [ __ ] exact hour From
here I dealt with it in the [ __ ] Jordi
Machiavelli